Document how to run example AttentionIsAllYouNeed (#68)
chengchingwen/Transformers.jl: example/AttentionIsAllYouNeed/README.md

# Attention Is All You Need

> This is an implementation of the seminal paper [Attention is all you need [annotated]](https://nlp.seas.harvard.edu/2018/04/03/attention.html)

Reviewer: Should point to the original paper
```suggestion
This is an implementation of the seminal paper [Attention is all you need](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.03762)
```

that introduced the Transformer architecture.

> The architecture is explained [here](https://medium.com/data-science-in-your-pocket/attention-is-all-you-need-understanding-with-example-c8d074c37767).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The architecture is explained [here](https://nlp.seas.harvard.edu/2018/04/03/attention.html).
```
